Short Answer

Q: Why do programmers use pseudocode?
A: Pseudocode is a way for programmers to express what code should do without using a particular language.  So pseudocode provides a way for developers to talk about programming algorithms without having to have prior knowledge about a specific programming language. 

Q: If you run pseudocode on your computer what would happen?
A: Pseudocode can't really run on a computer since it written in English like statements that's meant for other developers (humans) to read.  So if you try and run it on a computer either nothing will happen and/or you'll get errors since the computer won't understand the pesudocode. 

Programming Assignment
Write the following algorithms in pseudocode:

Q: Create a function that takes two numbers and prints out the greater number.
A:  INPUT first number
    INPUT second number 
    IF first number is greater than second number THEN
        PRINT "first number is greater than second number 
    ELSE
        PRINT "second number is greater than the first number"
    END IF

Q: Create a function that prints out the numbers from 1 to 100.
A:  INIT FOR loop  
        SET INIT number equal to 1
        SET CONDITION to less than or equal to 100
        SET INCREMENT to increment the number by 1
        PRINT each number from 1 to 100
    END FOR loop
        
Q: Create a function that searches for a specific entry in a phonebook.
A:  INPUT names array(directory)
    INPUT name
    INIT FOR loop   
        SET INIT number equal to 0
        SET CONDITION TO less than the length of the array (directory) being searched
        SET INCREMENT to increment by 1
            IF the name in the array(directory) index equals the INPUT name THEN
                PRINT "Found name" and the INPUT name
            ELSE    
                PRINT "Name not fount"
            END IF
        END FOR loop

Q: Using the pseudocode you wrote for the previous question, implement it in any computer language of your choice.

A: var names = ["Mary Sue", "Rick Glass", "Darby Cat", "Joe Green"];

    function nameSearch(name){
        for(var i=0; i < names.length; i++){
            if(names[i] === name){
                console.log("Found name " + name);
            } 
        }
        console.log("Name not found")
    }

    nameSearch("Mary Sue");